Man vs Stream Options (7/25/20) (Season 6) (list in progress)

Gear Wheel:
  Drop X - Forces Llama to drop the equipped item. An option does not exist for Shield. Drop Weapon does not exist for the Barbarian for balance reasons. Llama gets to choose the item dropped if Llama has equipped multiple of that item (weapons or rings). Llama is not allowed to sell the item for gold. If Llama is not wearing an an item on the X slot, or it is the helmet slot and Llama is wearing the Shame Cap, the wheel gets rerolled.
  Drop Item Chat Choice - Forces Llama to drop an equipped item of chat's choice. Dropping the shield is a permitted choice. Dropping weapons is not a permitted choice when the character is a Barbarian. Llama is not allowed to sell the item for gold.
  Gamble/Replace X - Forces Llama to gamble a new X item. If Llama already has the X slot filled with an item, Llama is forced to get rid of it. Llama is allowed to sell the item for gold. If the option rolled is the helmet slot and Llama is wearing the Shame Cap, Llama replaces the helmet he was originally using instead of Shame Cap. The Shame Cap stays on.

Llama Wheel:
  ~ All options in this category stack with each other. A hand cam exists to prove he is doing these punishments.
  Tiny Mitt - Llama is forced to use a tiny hand in his left hand for X minutes.
  Oven Mitts - Llama has to use oven mitts on both hands for X minutes.
  Swap Hands - Llama has to control his keyboard with his right hand and his mouse with his left hand for X minutes.
  Ski Goggles - Llama has to wear Ski Goggles for X minutes.
  Turn Keyboard - Llama has to rotate his keyboard 180 degrees for X minutes.
  Turn Mouse - Llama has to rotate his mouse 180 degrees for X minutes.
  Half Mouse Speed - Llama reduces the speed that his mouse moves on screen by half for X minutes.
  Blind Sketch - Llama has to sketch a random topic presented while his eyes are covered by the Shame Cap/Llama Hat.
    ~ This option is usually put on hold until a break and he does them all at once.
  Bullet Chess - Llama has to play Bullet Chess until he wins 1 game.
    ~ This option is usually put on hold until a break and he does several at a time.

Game Wheel:
  No Running - Llama is not allowed to run for X minutes.
  No Minimap - Llama is not allowed to use the minimap for X minutes.
  Next Stats Chat Choice - Chat gets to decide on Llama's next 5 stat points.
  Next Skill Chat Choice - Chat gets to decide on Llama's next skill point.
  No Health Potions - Llama is not allowed to use health potions for X minutes.
  Grid Cursor - An overlay of a grid of cursors which follow the real cursor around for X minutes.
  Big Cursor - An overlay of the original cursor made much bigger for X minutes.
  DING! - Typing 'DING' in chat plays a noise on stream for X minutes. 15 second cooldown per person.
  Players 2 - Llama has to play the game with /players 2 setting for X minutes.

Evo Wheel:
  ~ The crazy overlay options. Most options do not stack with each other.
  ~ All overlays and chat interactions of MvS are made by evo_Demon.
  Slightly Intoxicated Boat Guy: Diablo 2 screen rotates and sways side to side like a boat would on the ocean with this music in the background: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UX25HFxCoc
  Dog Songs:
    ~ These three songs usually accompany each other. The songs are accompanied by random images or gifs of dogs overlaying Diablo 2.
    Gabe-acito: Dog barking remix of Despacito by Luis Fonsi. By the famous Gabe the dog (RIP). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLrsR_0yerI
    Thundawg: Dog barking remix of Thunder by Imagine Dragons, Gabe included. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Kb_b3uC87k
    RaDoggoActive: Dog barking remix of Radioactive by Imagine Dragons, Gabe included. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx4PpeP9XrQ
  Epic Llama: A bunch of mrllamaArmy emotes chase Llama's Diablo 2 cursor. If the Llama's get to the cursor, they start growing in size. As the overlay progresses, more mrllamaArmy emotes spawn and they get faster. The background song is 'Grief - In the Hall of the Mountain King' - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLp_Hh6DKWc.
  D2 Rap (Aww Jeez): A Diablo 2 rap made by JeeZLawayZ made for Llama. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Uwr1Uplmv0

Separate Options:
  Slap Chop: Clips taken from the long Slap Chop commercial presented by Vince. Every time Vince uses the Slap Chop in the video, Llama's Diablo 2 is chopped. A chop is when the screen is cut in half horizontally and vertically in four even corners and then the corners are randomized. It is possible for the four corners to randomize to their original spots.
  Dim Vision (Dimmestest Vision): The jumpscare overlay. The screen darkens dramatically with eerie music in the background as long with various jump scares and creepy noises. Some of the jump scares are extremely, EXTREMELY loud. Some of the visual jump scares are not epilepsy-safe. This overlay has a special countdown in which the countdown does not update so that Llama does not know when it ends. There can be jump scares after the screen lightens back up.
  Not My Type!: A donator (or someone the donator specifies) gets limited control of Llama's Diablo 2 screen. This is limited to whatever is possible through key and mouse presses. The options vary between dropping items (limited to 5 drops), to casting town portals with the animation (limited to 20 town portals), to opening menus, to drinking potions. Some options unlisted. It is possible to use various combinations of options to get Llama to accidentally save and quit, such as opening a menu and then closing it at the same time Llama closes it with 'Esc', so that Llama instead opens the Escape menu and accidentally clicks on Save and Quit.
  Dodgeball: This starts a momentary period of collecting 1 dollar donations, which add to a game of dodgeball. Upon commencement of the game, a bunch of chat-controlled images appear on screen. If Llama's cursor hits an image, his cursor is locked in that spot for a few seconds. For every 1 dollar donated during the period of collecting 1 dollar donations, another ball will be added to the dodgeball game. The count starts around 10.
  Save & Quit: Forces Llama to save and quit immediately. This donation has a maximum usage of two times per area level per difficulty. This includes town levels. The price increases by $10 per difficulty. $59/$69/$79. Llama is flexible at times with mistimed save and quits or when two people donate them at the same time, and allows them to use it at a point later in the run.
  Drop Stash: Forces Llama to drop every item in his stash.
  Drop Equipped: Forces Llama to drop every item currently equipped.
    ~ With the above two options and the various drop item punishments, this means that Llama's inventory is completely safe from being targeted by item removal donations. However, this limits the amount of potions he can carry, forcing him to town more often.

Help Llama Options:
  ~ These are the traitor options.
  Guardian Angel: An overlay with background music that lasts for roughly 3 minutes. During this time, all punishments are delayed until the end of Guardian Angel. Save and Quits will not activate until after Guardian Angel ends. Llama can use skill points obtained from leveling up while Guardian Angel is active. Each time it is used, the price is increased by 5$. It is common to inflate the price early on.
  Help Llama: Gives Llama an option to take half a duration from the maximum time of any punishment. Two Help Llamas will remove 1 punishment entirely. Rules for this vary. Llama usually only ever uses these for Wheel punishments. Llama rarely, if ever, uses them for the Separate punishments.

Time/Sum Options:
  Shame Cap:
    ~ Shame Cap is a IRL Llama hat that looks like a Camel and an editted ingame item with negative stats. The Shame Cap takes away Run/Walk, Cast Rate, Vitality, All Resistances, and Light Radius. It gives Energy.
    Wear Shame Cap: From dollar donations, which includes subscriptions, if the bar fills up, Llama is forced to wear the Shame Cap for 10 minutes. If the Shame Cap is already on, the timer is increased by 10 minutes.
    Upgrade Shame Cap: All stats present on the Shame Cap get increased.
  Negative Split on Timer: If Llama gets a negative split on a timer (Red in color) in comparison to the previous MvS character run, Llama must do 20 situps and pushups.
